test(Manual): Stopped replicas on deleted nodes should not be counted as healthy replicas when draining nodes (#1228)
longhorn/longhorn-tests: docs/content/manual/pre-release/node/node-drain-deletion.md

evicting pod longhorn-system/instance-manager-r-xxxxxxxx
error when evicting pods/"instance-manager-r-xxxxxxxx" -n "longhorn-system" (will retry after 5s): Cannot evict pod as it would violate the pod's disruption budget.
```

## Stopped replicas on deleted nodes should not be counted as healthy replicas when draining nodes

When draining a node, the node will be set as unscheduled and all pods should be evicted.

But the replica will only be evicted if it has another healthy replica on the running node.

##### Related Issue:
- https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/2237

##### Prerequisites:
 - Start with 2 nodes cluster: Node_1, Node_2
 - Double check that "Allow Node Drain with the Last Healthy Replica" is unchecked or return **false** with following command:
    - `kubectl get settings.longhorn.io/allow-node-drain-with-last-healthy-replica -n longhorn-system`

##### Steps:
1. Create a 5Gi detached volume with 2 replicas.
2. Stop Node_1 that contains one of the replicas.
3. Attempts to drain Node_2 that contains remaining replica.
    ```shell

>     kubectl drain <Node name> --delete-emptydir-data=true --force=true --grace-period=-1 --ignore-daemonsets=true --timeout=<Desired timeout in secs>

Reviewer: Can you clarify why we need `--timeout` ? Does it make a difference with and without setting this flag?

Author: No, there is no different result between with and without parameter `timeout`.

Since after the node_2 is drained in step 3, it keeps giving the message that replica cannot be evicted as mentioned in step 4, I pass the `timeout` to indicate length of waiting time.

I figured I'd remove the argument to avoid confusion.

Author: No, there is no different result between with and without parameter `timeout`.

Since after the node_2 is drained in step 3, it keeps giving the message that replica cannot be evicted as mentioned in step 4, I pass the `timeout` to indicate length of waiting time.

I figured I'd remove the argument to avoid confusion.

    ```
4. The node become cordoned. All pods on the cordoned node are evicted except the replica instance manager pod. And the message like below keeps appearing.
    ```
    evicting pod longhorn-system/instance-manager-r-xxxxxxxx
    error when evicting pods/"instance-manager-r-xxxxxxxx" -n "longhorn-system" (will retry after 5s): Cannot evict pod as it would violate the pod's disruption budget.
    ```

> 5. Enable "Allow Node Drain with the Last Healthy Replica" and check return **true** with following command:

Reviewer: nit: looks like there are 2 cases you are testing. Suggest breaking them up.
- Stopped replicas on deleted nodes should not be counted as healthy replicas when draining nodes
- Setting `Allow Node Drain with the Last Healthy Replica`

    ```shell
    kubectl get settings.longhorn.io/allow-node-drain-with-last-healthy-replica -n longhorn-system
    ```

> 6. The pod `longhorn-system/instance-manager-r-xxxxxxxx` will be evicted successfully and use the following command to ensure only daemonset pods such as `engine-image`, `longhorn-csi-plugin` and `longhorn-manager` are running on the nodee:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The pod `longhorn-system/instance-manager-r-xxxxxxxx` will be evicted successfully and use the following command to ensure only `engine-image`, `longhorn-csi-plugin` and `longhorn-manager` daemonset pods are running on Node_2:
```

#### Related Issue:
- https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/2237

**Given** Longhorn with 2 nodes cluster: Node_1, Node_2

*And* Create a 5Gi detached volume with 2 replicas.

*And* Stop Node_1 that contains one of the replicas.

*And* Uncheck the `Allow Node Drain with the Last Healthy Replica` setting and confirm getting **false** with following command:
```shell
kubectl get settings.longhorn.io/allow-node-drain-with-last-healthy-replica -n longhorn-system
```

**When** Attempts to drain Node_2 that contains remaining replica.
```shell
kubectl drain <Node_2 name> --delete-emptydir-data=true --force=true --grace-period=-1 --ignore-daemonsets=true
```

**Then** The Node_2 becomes cordoned.

*And* All pods on Node_2 are evicted except the replica instance manager pod. 
```shell
kubectl get pods --field-selector spec.nodeName=<Node_2 name> -o wide -n longhorn-system
```

*And* The message like below keeps appearing.
```
evicting pod longhorn-system/instance-manager-r-xxxxxxxx
error when evicting pods/"instance-manager-r-xxxxxxxx" -n "longhorn-system" (will retry after 5s): Cannot evict pod as it would violate the pod's disruption budget.
```

> 

Author: Updated by adding statement description. Thank you.
